Mind Gym 90 with Dr. Jack Bowman workout number one the gift of peace and joy
are you a highly motivated athlete who is so driven in your training and pursuit of
your goals that you find yourself feeling guilty about taking time off
and letting yourself rest and relax if
so how would you like to give yourself
the gift of peace and joy this holiday season break this gift is provided by
two of the most well-respected authorities on achieving success and
balance in sport and life legendary UCLA basketball coach John Wooden and esteemed
sports psychologist dr. Terry Orlik coach John Wooden taught his 10-time
NCAA champion UCLA Bruins that success is peace
of mind that is a direct result
of self-satisfaction in knowing that you've made the effort to be the best
you're capable of becoming sports psychologist dr. Terry Orlik helped the
lead Olympic and professional athletes learn to achieve success on the
playing field and in life by embracing a balance between time spent in the gold
zone where you work tirelessly to achieve your goals
and the green zone
where you experience the joy of engaging in the present moment with your family
and friends dr. Orlik espoused that the secret to excelling in both the gold
zone and green zone was to free your mind and your body to enter the right
zone at the right time in this way balancing the gold zone and green zone
allowed athletes to become the best they're capable of being in both their
performance domain and in their joyful resting and relaxing lives by combining
these two beneficial concepts the gift of peace and joy can be opened in the
following two steps first give yourself permission to experience a sense of
peace of mind knowing that you were doing all you can to become the best you
can be by balancing time in both your gold zone and green zone second be fully
present with the rest relaxation and joy that is there for you during this
holiday season with your family and friends so commit this to your mindset
for success today I will give myself the gift of peace and joy this holiday
season to build a healthy mind in a healthy body